Update README.md (#39)
zegami/zegami-cli: README.md

```
_Note: --no-cache-dir avoids some errors upon install_

> The login command promtps for username and password which is then used to retrieve a long-lived API token which can be used for subsequent requests. The token is stored in a file in the currenet users data directory.

Reviewer: *prompts
*user's
*current

> The login command promtps for username and password which is then used to retrieve a long-lived API token which can be used for subsequent requests. The token is stored in a file in the currenet users data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The login command prompts for username and password which is then used to retrieve a long-lived API token which can be used for subsequent requests. The token is stored in a file in the current user's data directory.
```

> Once retrieved all subsequest commands will use the stored token, unless it is specifically overridden wiht the `--token` option

Reviewer: *subsequent
*with

> Once retrieved all subsequest commands will use the stored token, unless it is specifically overridden wiht the `--token` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once retrieved, all subsequent commands will use the stored token, unless it is specifically overridden with the `--token` option
```
